# hydra-hiring

Many people know the story of the Lernaean Hydra as the second labor of Hercules. However, only few know the truth. If you think that the all-mighty Hercules was the guy who slew this monster, I’m afraid you’re wrong. But fear not! It’s time to learn the truth. It’s true that Hercules was about to face the Lernaean Hydra, but as he fiercely marched toward an epic fight, he tripped and twisted his ankle. To complete the labor, he had to hire some guys to get the job done. To kill the monster all its heads must be chopped off. To chop a head, one must also be at least as tall as the height of the head. And, unfortunately, one guy can only cut at most one head. Since no one is fool enough to do such work for free, the recruiting office demanded Hercules to pay a wage equal to one coin for each centimeter of the hired assassin’s height.

Hercules doesn’t have a fortune to spend, so he hired you to write a script on a scroll capable of calculating the minimum amount of coins he must pay, given a particular assassin squad. If the squad is not able to perform the task at hand, then Hercules needs to know that too.

The script can be written in Javascript, Python, C# or Java. The input will consist of up to 5 cases. In each case, the first line contains 2 integers, the number n of the heads and the number m of assassins the recruitment office has available. The next n lines contain an integer indicating the height of each head. The following m lines contain the heights of the assassins. The final case is denoted by “0 0”. In each case, your script needs to output the minimum number of coins Hercules must pay or print “No can do!” in the case where the squad is impossible to slay the monster. Can you help Hercules?
